Various documentation improvements (#547)
NVIDIA/cuda-python: README.md

* [cuda.core](https://nvidia.github.io/cuda-python/cuda-core/latest): Pythonic access to CUDA Runtime and other core functionalities
* [cuda.bindings](https://nvidia.github.io/cuda-python/cuda-bindings/latest): Low-level Python bindings to CUDA C APIs
* [cuda.cooperative](https://nvidia.github.io/cccl/cuda_cooperative/): A Python package providing CUB's reusable block-wide and warp-wide *device* primitives for use within Numba CUDA kernels
* [cuda.parallel](https://nvidia.github.io/cccl/cuda_parallel/): A Python package for easy access to highly efficient and customizable parallel algorithms, like `sort`, `scan`, `reduce`, `transform`, etc, that are callable on the *host*.

> * [numba.cuda](https://nvidia.github.io/numba-cuda/): Numba's CUDA target for writing CUDA SIMT kernels in Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [numba.cuda](https://nvidia.github.io/numba-cuda/): Numba's target for CUDA GPU programming by directly compiling a restricted subset of Python code into CUDA kernels and device functions following the CUDA execution model.
```
